the King's heart is in the hand of the
the King's heart is in the hand of the Lord like the rivers of water he turns
Lord like the rivers of water he turns
Lord like the rivers of water he turns it wherever he wishes every way of a man
it wherever he wishes every way of a man
it wherever he wishes every way of a man is right in his own eyes but the Lord
is right in his own eyes but the Lord
is right in his own eyes but the Lord weighs the hearts to do righteousness
weighs the hearts to do righteousness
weighs the hearts to do righteousness and justice is more acceptable to the
and justice is more acceptable to the
and justice is more acceptable to the Lord than sacrifice a haughty look a
Lord than sacrifice a haughty look a
Lord than sacrifice a haughty look a proud heart and the plowing of the
proud heart and the plowing of the
proud heart and the plowing of the wicked arse in the plans of the diligent
wicked arse in the plans of the diligent
wicked arse in the plans of the diligent leads surely to plenty but those of
leads surely to plenty but those of
leads surely to plenty but those of everyone who is hasty surely to poverty
everyone who is hasty surely to poverty
everyone who is hasty surely to poverty getting treasures by a lying tongue is
getting treasures by a lying tongue is
getting treasures by a lying tongue is the fleeting fantasy of those who seek
the fleeting fantasy of those who seek
the fleeting fantasy of those who seek death the violence of the wicked will
death the violence of the wicked will
death the violence of the wicked will destroy them because they refused to do
destroy them because they refused to do
destroy them because they refused to do justice the way of a guilty man is
justice the way of a guilty man is
justice the way of a guilty man is perverse but as for the pure his word is
perverse but as for the pure his word is
perverse but as for the pure his word is right better to dwell in a corner of a
right better to dwell in a corner of a
right better to dwell in a corner of a housetop than in a house shared with a
housetop than in a house shared with a
housetop than in a house shared with a contentious woman the soul of the wicked
contentious woman the soul of the wicked
contentious woman the soul of the wicked desires evil his neighbor finds no favor
desires evil his neighbor finds no favor
desires evil his neighbor finds no favor in his eyes when the scoffer is punished
in his eyes when the scoffer is punished
in his eyes when the scoffer is punished the simple is made wise but when the
the simple is made wise but when the
the simple is made wise but when the wise is instructed he receives knowledge
wise is instructed he receives knowledge
wise is instructed he receives knowledge the righteous God wisely considers the
the righteous God wisely considers the
the righteous God wisely considers the house of the wicked overthrowing the
house of the wicked overthrowing the
house of the wicked overthrowing the wicked for their wickedness
wicked for their wickedness
wicked for their wickedness whoever shuts his ears to the cry of the
whoever shuts his ears to the cry of the
whoever shuts his ears to the cry of the poor will also cry himself and not be
poor will also cry himself and not be
poor will also cry himself and not be heard a gift in secret pacifies anger
heard a gift in secret pacifies anger
heard a gift in secret pacifies anger and a bribe behind the back strong wrath
and a bribe behind the back strong wrath
and a bribe behind the back strong wrath it is a joy for the just to do justice
it is a joy for the just to do justice
it is a joy for the just to do justice the destruction will come to the workers
the destruction will come to the workers
the destruction will come to the workers of iniquity
of iniquity
of iniquity a man who wanders from the way of
a man who wanders from the way of
a man who wanders from the way of understanding will rest in the Assembly
understanding will rest in the Assembly
understanding will rest in the Assembly of the dead he who loves pleasure will
of the dead he who loves pleasure will
of the dead he who loves pleasure will be a poor man he who loves wine and oil
be a poor man he who loves wine and oil
be a poor man he who loves wine and oil will not be rich the wicked shall be a
will not be rich the wicked shall be a
will not be rich the wicked shall be a ransom for the righteous and the
ransom for the righteous and the
ransom for the righteous and the unfaithful for the upright better to
unfaithful for the upright better to
unfaithful for the upright better to dwell in the wilderness than with a
dwell in the wilderness than with a
dwell in the wilderness than with a contentious and angry woman there is
contentious and angry woman there is
contentious and angry woman there is desirable treasure and oil in the
desirable treasure and oil in the
desirable treasure and oil in the dwelling of the wise but a foolish man
dwelling of the wise but a foolish man
dwelling of the wise but a foolish man squanders it he who follows
squanders it he who follows
squanders it he who follows righteousness and mercy finds life
righteousness and mercy finds life
righteousness and mercy finds life righteousness and honor
righteousness and honor
righteousness and honor a wise man scales the city of the mighty
a wise man scales the city of the mighty
a wise man scales the city of the mighty and brings down the trusted stronghold
and brings down the trusted stronghold
and brings down the trusted stronghold whoever guards his mouth and tongue
whoever guards his mouth and tongue
whoever guards his mouth and tongue keeps his soul from troubles a proud and
keeps his soul from troubles a proud and
keeps his soul from troubles a proud and haughty man scoffer is his name he acts
haughty man scoffer is his name he acts
haughty man scoffer is his name he acts with arrogant pride the desire of the
with arrogant pride the desire of the
with arrogant pride the desire of the lazy man kills him for his hands refuse
lazy man kills him for his hands refuse
lazy man kills him for his hands refuse to labor he covets greedily all day long
to labor he covets greedily all day long
to labor he covets greedily all day long but the righteous gives and does not
but the righteous gives and does not
but the righteous gives and does not spare the sacrifice of the wicked is an
spare the sacrifice of the wicked is an
spare the sacrifice of the wicked is an abomination how much more when he brings
abomination how much more when he brings
abomination how much more when he brings it with wicked intent a false witness
it with wicked intent a false witness
it with wicked intent a false witness shall perish but the man who hears him
shall perish but the man who hears him
shall perish but the man who hears him will speak endlessly a wicked man
will speak endlessly a wicked man
will speak endlessly a wicked man hardens his face but as for the upright
hardens his face but as for the upright
hardens his face but as for the upright he establishes his way there is no
he establishes his way there is no
he establishes his way there is no wisdom or understanding or counsel
wisdom or understanding or counsel
wisdom or understanding or counsel against the Lord
against the Lord
against the Lord the horse is prepared for the day of
the horse is prepared for the day of
the horse is prepared for the day of battle but deliverance is off the Lord